-  Who am I? This is a question that has multiple answers. To my parents, I'm their child, to my teachers, I'm their students. Although I can't find a specific position to myself, my goal is to enjoy things around me. I was born in Milpitas, California, with a family of 4: My mom, my dad, my sister, and myself. Although me and my sister will sometimes have conflicts, she's still very nice and could help me whenever she could.
-   When it comes to interests, I have a lot to say. First of all, I am a very enthusiastic basketball player, although I'm not in the school varsity team, I still made a lot of friends by playing basketball, including friends outside the school, which I meet them every Saturday at a basketball club. Secondly, I love playing dart, it made my aiming skills improve a lot in the past few years and now I'm aiming for the varsity team. Thirdly, I have a strong passion for math, physics, and computer programming, and recently got two awards: CIMC(Canadian Intermediate Math Contest) top 25%, and the promotion to the ASCL(American Computer Science League) final round with my whole team. I will continue to attend math and CS competitions in the future, and take AP classes in grade 11 and aim 4 AP 5s. Moreever, I'm a bit worried that the AP workload in Grade 11 and 12 might take away my free time to play sports, but I believe that I will manage my time well and things will work out for me later in life. And last but not least, during my years of high school, I attended various clubs that align with my interests, no matter if it's related to learning or whether its extracirrcular or not 
it all allows me to explore new opportunities and to think outside the box. For example, this is a video that me and my friends performed on the art festival which not only shows our dedication to perform on stage by rehearsing everyday after school with my members, but also to explore the new side of using a glow stick, which gives me new opportunities as well.
-   When it comes to my weak areas, my relatively weakest area is english, it's been hard these years to improve on my standardized test scores, and to move up from the lowest level to the second lowest level in the grade. The process was also very suffering and tiring at the same time. Now my goal is to get 1450 on SAT and 100+ for TOFEL.
<!---
Matthew-genshin/Matthew-genshin is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
